access reviews to v1 - using doc stub generator (#12207)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewscheduledefinition-filterbycurrentuser.md

---
title: "accessReviewScheduleDefinition: filterByCurrentUser"

> description: "Function used to return accessReviewScheduleDefinition objects where the calling user is the reviewer."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Returns accessReviewScheduleDefinition objects where the calling user is the reviewer."
```

author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# accessReviewScheduleDefinition: filterByCurrentUser
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Function used to return [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resource/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) objects where the calling user is a reviewer on one or more [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](../resource/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) objects where the calling user is a reviewer on one or more [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) objects.
```

>
>If no query parameters are provided and there are more than 100 results, Microsoft Graph will automatically paginate results at 100 results per page.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|AccessReview.Read.All, AccessReview.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|AccessReview.Read.All, AccessReview.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/filterByCurrentUser
```

## Function parameters

> In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the request URL, provide the query parameters in the following table with values.
```

> The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

Reviewer: Line 43 is not needed and can be removed.

                "defaultDecisionEnabled": true,
                "defaultDecision": "Approve",
                "instanceDurationInDays": 3,
                "autoApplyDecisionsEnabled": true,
                "recommendationsEnabled": true,
                "recurrence": {
                    "pattern": {
                        "type": "weekly",
                        "interval": 1,
                        "month": 0,
                        "dayOfMonth": 0,
                        "daysOfWeek": [],
                        "firstDayOfWeek": "sunday",
                        "index": "first"
                    },
                    "range": {
                        "type": "numbered",
                        "numberOfOccurrences": 0,
                        "recurrenceTimeZone": null,
                        "startDate": "2021-04-30",
                        "endDate": "2021-04-30"
                    }
                },
                "applyActions": [
                    {
                        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.removeAccessApplyAction"
                    }
                ]
            },
            "instances": []
        },

>         {

Reviewer: The second object isn't needed.
